[pulsing music playing]
♪ ♪
[pensive music playing]
[Metaurus] Humans are born prey.
- [thunder crashing]
- [people shrieking in distance]
Fragile, afraid.
The Imperium selects a chosen few--
children we break
over decades of conditioning.
Purging them of weakness,
carving out their fear.
Those that survive are reborn
with the strength to level cities,
to conquer worlds.
But power must be controlled.
Fear forged into obedience.
Into faith.
Centuries ago, I chose a child
filled with pain and rage.
A child who had never known fear.
What could a soul like that be capable of?
[child panting]
[ominous music playing]
[rain falling]
[child] Out of my way, old man.
[computer chittering]
[somber choral music playing]
I confirm.
♪ ♪
- [ominous music playing]
- [metallic footfalls thudding]
♪ ♪
[intense ominous music playing]
- [buzzes]
- [metallic clanking]
[atmospheric music playing]
[wind blowing]
[indistinct whispering]
[distant crashing]
[loud thud]
[screams]
[birds screeching]
[intense music playing]
[speaks in foreign language]
[others shouting]
♪ ♪
[chain rattling]
[clamoring]
[indistinct shouting]
[intense ominous music playing]
[shouting]
[rapid gunfire]
[weapon whirring]
[shouts]
[thudding]
[shouting growing louder]
[intense music playing]
♪ ♪
[high-pitched whirring]
[beeping]
[ominous music playing]
[indistinct whispering]
[indistinct whispering continues]
[tense music playing]
♪ ♪
[creatures snarling]
[screeching]
[chittering echoing]
[screeches]
[screeching echoes]
[tense music playing]
♪ ♪
[thuds]
[reciting in foreign language]
[continues reciting]
[pulsing music playing]
[screams]
[indistinct whispering]
[intense music playing]
[whispering]
[Metaurus] I chose a child
filled with pain and rage.
[whispers echoing]
[Sorcerer] You chose a child,
a child who had never known fear.
[whispering]
[soaring music playing]
[screeches]
[dramatic music playing]
[male voice] Target confirmed.
Ordnance inbound.
Die well, brothers.
[somber music playing]
♪ ♪
[shuddering breaths]
[coughs]
Titus...
Our duty is done.
It's time to go.
Not yet, old man.
[Metaurus] What could a soul
like that be capable of?
[tense music playing]
[atmospheric music playing]